Administering Windows Server 2012 (70-411) ---> This exam measures the ability to accomplish the technical tasks listed below under the main subjects. It is a part of the Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) Windows Server 2012 certification. Earning this certification will qualify for a position as a network or computer systems administrator or a computer network specialist. - Deploy, manage and maintain servers- Configure File and Print Services- Configure network services and access- Configure a Network Policy Server (NPS) infrastructure- Configure and manage Active Directory- Configure and manage Group Policy
Advanced Level Linux Certification (LPIC-2) ---> LPIC-2 is aimed at advanced Linux professionals. Candidates should be able to:  Administer a small to medium-sized site.  Plan, implement, maintain, keep consistent, secure, and troubleshoot a small mixed (MS, Linux) network.  Supervise assistants.  Advise management on automation and purchases.  The certification is obtained after passing two exams. - Linux Kernel- System Startup- File System and Devices- Advanced Storage Device Administration- Networking Configuration- System Maintenance- Domain Name Server- Web Services- File Sharing- Network Client Management- E-Mail Services- System Security- Troubleshooting- Capacity Planning
Advanced Level Test Analyst ---> aimed at people who have achieved an advanced point in their careers in software testing - Testing Process- Test Management- Test Techniques- Testing Software Quality Characteristics- Reviews- Defect Management- Test Tools
Advanced Level Test Manager ---> aimed at people who have achieved an advanced point in their careers in software testing - Testing Process- Test Management- Reviews- Defect Management- Improving the testing process- Test tool and automation- People Skills
Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP) ---> The CASP certification proves competency in enterprise security; risk management; research and analysis; and integration of computing, communications, and business disciplines. - conceptualize, design, and engineer secure solutions across complex enterprise environments- apply critical thinking and judgment across a broad spectrum of security disciplines- propose and implement solutions that map to enterprise drivers- enterprise security- risk management
Associate Computer Professional (ACP) ---> For people new to the industry, an entry level Certification designed to measure your standing and provide a starting point for building your professional careers through recognition as an Associate Computing Professional (ACP). - Improving organizational processes- Exploiting opportunities created by technology innovations- Understanding and addressing information requirements- Designing and managing enterprise architecture- Identifying and evaluating solution and sourcing alternatives- Securing data and infrastructure- Understanding, managing and controlling IT risks
A+ ---> CompTIA A+ certification validates foundation-level knowledge and skills necessary for a career in IT support. - computer technology- installation- preventative maintenance- networking- security- resolve problems using troubleshooting and tools- customer service- communication skills
Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) ---> The Information Security Manager certificate demonstrates information security management expertise. - Information Security Governance (job practice)- Information Risk Management and Compliance (Job practice)- Information Security Program Development and Management (job practice)- Information Security Incident Management  (Job practice)- Information Security Governance (Job practice)
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) ---> The Certified Information Systems Auditor is a professionals with the knowledge, skills, experience and credibility to leverage standards, manage vulnerabilities, ensure compliance, offer solutions, institute controls and deliver value to the enterprise. - The Process of Auditing Information Systems: audit services, IT audit standards, protect and control information systems (Job practice)- Governance and Management of IT: leadership and organizational structures and processes in place (Job practice)- Information Systems Acquisition, Development and Implementation: assurance that practices meet organization’s strategies and objectives (Job practice)- Information Systems Operations, Maintenance and Support: assurance that the processes meet the organization’s strategies and objectives (Job practice)- Protection of Information Assets: security policies, standards, procedures and controls for CIA of information assets (Job practice)
Certified Tester Foundation Level in Software Testing ---> aimed at professionals who need to demonstrate practical knowledge of the fundamental concepts of software testing - Fundamentals of Testing- Testing throughout the software life cycle- Static techniques- Test design techniques- Test Management- Tool Support for Testing
Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing and Switching (CCNA) ---> Validates the ability to install, configure, operate, and troubleshoot medium-size routed and switched networks. CCNA certified professionals have the knowledge and skills to make connections to remote sites via a WAN, and mitigate basic security threats. - Purpose and Functions of Various Network Devices such as Routers, Switches, Bridges and Hubs- LAN Switching Technologies- Implement an IP addressing scheme and IP Services- IP Routing Technologies- IP Services- Network Device Security- Troubleshooting- WAN Technologies
Cloud Essentials ---> The CompTIA Cloud Essentials demonstrates an individual knows what cloud computing means from a business and technical perspective, as well as what is involved in moving to and governing the cloud. - Characteristics of cloud services from a business perspective- Business value of cloud computing- Technical perspective/ cloud types- Steps to successful adoption- Impact and changes on IT Service Management- Risks and consequences
COBIT Foundation ---> The COBIT Foundation certificate shows foundation-level knowledge on the COBIT 4.1 Framework. - How IT Managements issues affect organizations- The principles of IT governance- The need for a control framework driven by the need for IT Governance- How COBIT meets the requirement for an IT Governance Framework- How COBIT is used with other standards and best practices- Control objectives, Control Practices, Management Guidelines, Assurance Guide- How to apply COBIT in a practical situation- The benefits of using COBIT
Configuring Advanced Windows Server 2012 Services (70-412) ---> This exam measures the ability to accomplish the technical tasks listed below under the main subjects. It is a part of the Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) Windows Server 2012 certification. Earning this certification will qualify for a position as a network or computer systems administrator or a computer network specialist. - Configure and manage high availability- Configure file and storage solutions- Implement  business continuity and disaster recovery- Configure Network Services- Configure the Active Directory infrastructure- Configure Identity and Access Solutions
European Computer Driving License Advanced (ECDL Advanced) ---> These high-level certification programmes are for those who have successfully reached ECDL / ICDL skills levels and wish to further enhance their expertise. There are Advanced Certificates for Word Processing, Spreadsheets, Databases and Presentation. - Word Processing- Spreadsheets- Using Databases- Presentation
European Computer Driving License (ECDL) ---> ECDL / ICDL programs are for anyone who wishes to become fully competent in the use of a computer and common applications.  Each ECDL / ICDL module provides a practical program of up-to-date skills and knowledge areas which are validated by a test. - Concepts of ICT- Using the Computer and Managing Files- Word Processing- Spreadsheets- Using Databases- Presentation- Web Browsing and Communication
Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT) ---> The Governance of Enterprise IT certificate (CGEIT)  recognizes a wide range of professionals for their knowledge and application of enterprise IT governance principles and practices. - IT Governance Framework (Job practice)- Strategic Alignment (Job practice)- Value Delivery (Job practice)- Risk Management (Job practice)- Resource Management (Job practice)- Performance Measurement (Job practice)
HP ATA - Cloud ---> HP ATA Cloud certification validates knowledge of industry-standard cloud and virtualization technologies and the ability to optimize, troubleshoot, and administer cloud solutions for small-to medium-size businesses. - Explain and recognize industry standard cloud and virtualization technologies and their implications for customer needs- Plan and design end-to-end IT solutions for SMB customers- Install, configure, and upgrade end-to-end IT solutions for SMB customers- Optimize and troubleshoot end-to-end IT solutions for SMB customers- Administer and manage end-to-end IT solutions for SMB customers
HP ATA – Connected Devices ---> The HP ATA – Connected Devices certification provides the skills and knowledge required to understand a customer’s business objectives and to design, implement, and support IT solutions in a small-to-medium–business context - Explain and recognize industry-standard client technologies and their implications on customer needs- Plan and design client solutions for SMB customers- Install, configure, and upgrade client solutions for SMB customers- Troubleshoot and perform repair/ replacement procedures for client solutions for SMB customers- Troubleshoot and perform repair/ replacement procedures for client solutions for SMB customers
HP ATA - Networks ---> HP ATA Networks certification validates knowledge of networking technologies and multicast technology and the ability to plan and design secure wired and wireless network solutions for small-to medium-size businesses. - Explain and recognize networking technologies and their implications for customer needs- Plan and design wired and wireless network solutions for SMB customers- Install, configure, start up, and upgrade network solutions for SMB customers- Optimize wireless, switched, and routed network infrastructures for SMB customers- Troubleshoot wireless, switched, and routed network infrastructures for SMB customers- Perform administrative, operational, and network management tasks for SMB customers
HP ATA – Servers and Storage ---> The HP ATA – Servers and Storage certification validates that you can design an appropriate server, data storage, and application hosting solution that meets small to medium size business requirements. It verifies that you can administer, manage, and operate server and storage solutions. It also verifies that you can troubleshoot and repair. - Explain and recognize industry-standard server technologies and their implications for customer needs- Recognize and describe HP and industry-standard server products and solutions- Plan and design server and storage solutions for SMB customers- Install, configure, and upgrade server and storage solutions (including both rack-mount and blade systems) for SMB customers- Performance-tune and optimize server and storage solutions for SMB customers- Troubleshoot and perform repair/replacement procedures for server and storage solutions for SMB customers- Manage servers and Storage systems using HP Infrastructure Management- Administer and operate server and storage solutions for SMB customers
HP ATA Technology Certification ---> The HP ATA Technology certification requires passing four exams that validate knowledge of industry-standard technologies and the ability to design and deploy business solutions for small-to medium-size businesses. - Described in the certification guides for the four exams and in the profiles for the HP ATA - Connected Devices, HP ATA - Networks, HP ATA Servers & Storage, and HP-ATA Cloud certifications
Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012 (70-410) ---> This exam measures the ability to accomplish the technical tasks listed below under the main subjects. It is a part of the Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) Windows Server 2012 certification. Earning this certification will qualify for a position as a network or computer systems administrator or a computer network specialist. - Install and configure servers- Configure server roles and features- Configure Hyper-V- Deploy and configure core network services- Install and administer Active Directory- Crreate and manage Group Policy
ITIL Expert ---> The ITIL Expert level of qualification demonstrates in depth knowledge of ITIL and Managing through the service lifecycle. - Service Strategy- Service Design- Service Transition- Service Operation- Continual Service Improvement- Managing across the lifecycle
ITIL Foundation ---> The  ITIL Foundation certificate proves knowledge of the ITIL terminology, structure and basic concepts and understanding of the core principles of ITIL practices for Service Management. - Service Management as a practice (comprehension)- The ITIL Service Lifecycle (comprehension)- Generic ITIL concepts and definitions (awareness)- Key principles and models of ITIL (comprehension)- Selected ITIL processes (awareness)- Managing across the lifecycle- Selected ITIL functions (awareness)- Selected roles (awareness)- Technology and architecture (awareness)
Junior Level Linux Certification (LPIC-1) ---> LPIC-1 is a junior level certification for Linux administrators. Candidates should be able to:    Work at the Linux command line.  Perform easy maintenance tasks: help users, add users to a larger system, backup and restore, shutdown and reboot.  Install and configure a workstation (including X) and connect it to a LAN, or a standalone PC to the Internet.    The certification is obtained after passing two exams. - System Architecture- Linux Installation and Package Management- GNU and Unix Commands- Devices, Linux Filesystems, Filesystem Hierarchy Standard- Shells, Scripting and Data Management- User Interfaces and Desktops- Administrative Tasks- Essential System Services- Networking Fundamentals- Security
Linux Essentials Professional Development Certificate (PDC) ---> To secure the Certificate of Achievement in LPI Linux Essentials, the candidate:  Understands the basic concepts of processes, programs and the components of an Operating System.  	Has a basic knowledge of computer hardware.  	Demonstrates a knowledge of Open Source Applications in the Workplace as they relate to Closed Source equivalents.  	Understands navigation systems on a Linux Desktop and where to go for help.  	Has a rudimentary ability to work on the command line and with files.  	Can use a basic command line editor. - The Linux Community and a Career in Open Source - Finding Your Way on a Linux System - The Power of the Command Line - The Linux Operating System - Security and File Permissions
Microsoft Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC) ---> The Risk and Information Systems Control certificate proves IT professionals to be able to be a strategic partner to the enterprise in managing IT and enterprise risk management. - Risk Identification, Assessment and Evaluation (to enable the execution of the enterprise risk management strategy)- Risk Response (to ensure that risk factors and events are addressed in a cost-effective manner  and in line with business objectives)- Risk Monitoring (to ensure the continued effectiveness of the enterprise\\\'s risk management strategy)- Information Systems Control Design and Implementation (in alignment with the organization’s risk appetite and tolerance levels)- Information Systems Control Monitoring and Maintenance (to ensure that they function effectively and efficiently)
Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MCSD) ---> The Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MCSD) certification validates skills necessary to develop applications successfully by using Microsoft Visual Studio, the Microsoft .NET Framework, and other development technologies.  Obtaining the MCSD certificate requires taking one to three MCSE exams (depending on the software technique) and a MCSE (PRO) exam in the specific technical area. - Designing the Application Architecture- Designing the User Experience- Designing Data Strategies and Structures- Designing Security Architecture and Implementation - Preparing for and Investigating Application Issues- Designing a Deployment Strategy
Microsoft Certified Solution Expert  (MCSE `HW`) ---> The MCSE certification program is aimed for IT professionals working with Microsoft technologies. - Installing, upgrading hardware- Configure hardware- Monitor performance- Support
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate Windows Server 2012 (MCSA) ---> Shows that one has the primary set of Windows Server 2012 skills, relevant across multiple solution areas in a business environment, to reduce IT costs and deliver more business value.  Earning an MCSA: Windows Server 2012 certification will qualify for a position as a network or computer systems administrator or a computer network specialist. - Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012- Administering Windows Server 2012- Configuring Advanced Windows Server 2012 Services
Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA) [Developer] ---> The Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA) certification aims at students that want to demonstrate their technical skills. MTA certified students are able to understand and explain fundamental concepts of the topic on which they are being certified. - Understanding Core Programming- Understanding Object-Oriented Programming- Understanding General Software Development- Understanding Web Applications- Understanding Desktop Applications- Understanding Databases
Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA) [Professional] ---> The Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA) certification aims at students that want to demonstrate their technical skills. MTA certified students are able to understand and explain fundamental concepts of the topic on which they are being certified. - Understanding Installation (e.g Server, Client Systems)- Understanding Specific technology (e.g. Server, Active Directory)- Understanding Active Directory- Understanding Server Performance Management- Understanding Maintenance (e.g. Server, OS)
Network+ ---> The CompTIA Network+ certification qualifies the networking professional for  installation and configuration, media and topologies, management, and security. - network technologies, installation and configuration- media and topologies- network management- network security- virtual networking- the seven-layer OSI (Open System Interconnection) model
PRINCE2® Foundation ---> PRINCE2® (PRojects IN Controlled Environments) is a widely used project management method that navigates through all the essentials for running a successful project. PRINCE2® is a flexible method and is aimed at all types of projects. - The characteristics and context of a project and the benefits of adopting PRINCE2®- The PRINCE2® principles- The purpose, objectives and context of the PRINCE2® processes
PRINCE2® Practitioner ---> PRINCE2® (PRojects IN Controlled Environments) is a widely used project management method that navigates through all the essentials for running a successful project. PRINCE2® is a flexible method and is aimed at all types of projects. - Understand the relationships between the roles, management products, principles, themes, techniques and processes- Be able to apply the principles, themes and processes to a project- Be able to create and assess management products
Security+ ---> CompTIA Security+ certification designates knowledgeable professionals in the field of information security. - Network Security- Compliance and operational security- Threats and vulnerabilities- Application, data and host security- Access control and identity management- Cryptography- React to security incidents
Senior Level Linux Certification (LPIC-3: Mixed Environment) ---> LPIC-3 is designed for the enterprise-level Linux professional. It represents the highest level of professional Linux certification within the industry. Candidates should:  Have several years experience with installing and maintaining Linux on many computers for various purposes.   Have integration experience with diverse technologies and operating systems.  Have professional experience as, or training for, an enterprise-level Linux professional. (This includes experience as a part of another role.)  Know advanced and enterprise levels of Linux administration, including installation, management, security, troubleshooting and maintenance.  Be able to use open-source tools to measure capacity planning and to troubleshoot resource problems.  Have professional experience using LDAP to integrate with Unix services and Windows services, including Samba, PAM, NSS, Active Directory.  Be able to plan, architecture, design, build and implement a full environment using Samba3, Samba4 and LDAP.    The certification is obtained after passing the LPI-300 exam. - OpenLDAP Configuration- OpenLDAP as an Authentication Backend- Samba Basics- Samba Share Configuration- Samba User and Group Management- Samba Domain Integration- Samba Name Services- Working with Linux and Windows Clients
Senior Level Linux Certification (LPIC-3: Virtualization and High Availability) ---> LPIC-3 is designed for the enterprise-level Linux professional. It represents the highest level of professional Linux certification within the industry. Candidates should know and understand the general concepts, theory and terminology of Virtualization.  This includes Xen and KVM terminology.   The certification is obtained after passing the LPI-304 exam. - Virtualization- Load Balancing- Cluster Management- Cluster Storage
TMap NEXT® Test Engineer ---> A certification for testers who want to adopt a structured approach to their work.  TMap NEXT was developed by Sogeti and is widely applied as a framework for structured testing. - Framework and importance of testing- TMap® life cycle acceptance and system tests- TMap test management phases- TMap test implementation phases- Aspects of development testing- Coverage types and test design
TMap NEXT® Test Manager ---> The certification indicates the capacity to plan, manage and evaluate the test process. This involves explicit use of the IT governance aspects of result, risk, time and cost.  TMap NEXT was developed by Sogeti and is widely applied as a framework for structured testing. - Preparation of the master test plan- Managing the total test process- Create a test plan- TMap test management phases- Aspects of development tests- Various supporting processes
TOGAF9 ---> The TOGAF certifcate provides validation that in addition to knowledge and comprehension, the candidate is able to analyze and apply knowledge of TOGAF - apply Architecture Development Method (ADM) phases for an enterprise architecture- apply Architecture Governance in development of an enterprise architecture- apply the TOGAF Architecture Content Framework- apply the concept of building blocks- apply the Stakeholder Management Technique- apply the TOGAF Content Metamodel- apply TOGAF recommended techniques when developing an enterprise architecture- apply the Technical Reference Model - the Integrated Infrastructure Reference Model- the content of the key deliverables of the ADM Cycle- partitioning of an enterprise architecture- purpose of the Architecture Repository- apply iteration and different levels of architecture- adapt the ADM for security- SOA as a style of architecture- the role of architecture maturity models- purpose of the Architecture Skills Framework and how to apply within an organization
VMware Certified Professional - Cloud (VCP-Cloud) ---> Validates the ability to install, configure and administer a Cloud environment using vCloud Director and related components.   Successful candidates demonstrate core vSphere skills in extending data virtualization throughout the cloud by creating and managing vApps, service catalogs, and organization/provider VDCs, as well as administering cloud enabled networking and storage. This competency is built on the skills and knowledge needed to successfully install, deploy, scale, and manage VMware vSphere environments along with a solid foundation in basic cloud infrastructure concepts including public/private/hybrid clouds, multi-tenancy, and cloud security. - Plan, Install, Configure and Upgrade vCenter Server and VMware ESXi- Plan and Configure vSphere Networking- Plan and Configure vSphere Storage- Deploy and Administer Virtual Machines, vCloud vApps, and vCenter vApps- Establish and Maintain Service Levels- Perform Basic Troubleshooting and Alarm Management- Monitor vSphere and vCloud Implementations- Install, Configure, and Upgrade vCloud Suite Components- Administer Users, Roles and Privileges in a vCloud- Create and Administer vCloud Networking- Configure and Administer vCloud Organizations- Allocate and Manage vCloud Resources- Create and Administer vCloud Catalogs and vCloud Automation Center (vCAC) Blueprints
